Hello everyone and welcome to the Mac OS installation and setup lecture in this lecture I'm going to
show you how to install two things our studio and the our programming language.
Let's go ahead and jump to our browser in order to figure out how to actually download and set those
up.
I'm going to go ahead and jump to the browser now.
All right here and then my browser to get started.
Oh you're going to search for is the term our studio.
That's all one word.
It's R S T U D I O.
And then you're going to go ahead and either click directly to download our studio or go to our studio
the com
once your our studio com.
You'll go ahead and click products our studio.
Scroll down until you see open source edition that's all we're going to be using.
We're going to download our studio desktop and that will take us to this download page.
Now if you clicked our studio download you would have gone directly to this page which you'll notice
is that you'll see right here our studio requires our 2.1 1 or higher.
If you don't already have or you can download it and then it has a little link here.
Something to know is our studio is the development environment we're going to be using the actual programming
language of our.
And what's actually going to be doing all the processing is going to be downloaded separately.
Go ahead and click the link on that our studio download page and it will take you to cram our studio
dot com.
And here's where you can actually install the our programming language and you'll see that there is
a download for our Mac OSX.
Go ahead and click on that.
It'll take you to this page.
We'll go ahead and do is scroll down here and you'll look for the latest version of our in this case
.
It's our 3.3 point one if you want different versions you can keep coming down if you have older versions
of Mac OS.
But go ahead and just get the latest stuff package version go ahead and save it to your computer wherever
you want.
I'll save it to the desktop and let it download.
Then once we've let it download we'll go ahead install it.
I'm going to fast forward to this finish and download.
All right.
The R dash 3.3 point one package a jump forward in time it's finished installing or downloading excuse
me and I want to go ahead and get that actual PKC file that will be in your downloads by default.
And in my case I actually put it to my desktop going to go to minimize this window.
And here you see that my desktop which will go ahead and do is double click on this package and then
you'll just follow the instructions for the actual download of our installation of our.
You'll go ahead and click Continue click all the defaults continue except the license you'll accept
the destination agree everything.
I already have our install.
I'll go ahead and disagree to this and close out of that window.
But again you just double click on this package and just go ahead and click continue through this graphical
installer and everything should be OK for you.
You can always post any questions to the Q&A forum if you have trouble with this step but it should
be pretty basic.
That's the step for installing the our programming language.
What's next for us is installing our studio.
Let's go ahead and jump back to our browser.
Ok I'm back to my browser now.
And I don't need this page anymore.
The actual installation and download of our page.
Now we're going to go ahead and continue on the installation and download of our studio.
What you'll do is go to this our studio page and you'll notice if you go ahead and zoom in here there
is a specific installer for Mac OS which would go ahead and do is click on that link and then download
the DMG.
I'm going to go ahead and again put it in my desktop save it and this will download everything you need
for the installation of our studio.
Again you've already installed and downloaded the our programming language.
Now we're going to download and install our studio which is going to be the development environment
we're going to be working with.
Once we're done of this installation phase and lecture where we're going to do is go ahead and hop over
to the actual environment Overview section of the course and then we'll give you a whole tour of our
studio.
Right now we're just focusing on installing everything.
I'm going to go ahead and fast forward for this install or download to finish.
All right.
No that's finished downloading.
I'm going to go ahead and find my desktop since that's where I saved it.
If you choose the default location will your downloads instances the DMZ file we have to do is double
click on it.
It will open the studio thought the MGE and then you'll have this little window pop up.
All you have to do now is drag our studio over to applications and let it go.
And that will basically finish the installation.
And then what you can do is search for our studio and you should see this pop up.
Go ahead and click enter for it and our studio will start for you already have a bunch of stuff in here
but this will look a lot different.
He'll be pretty nice and clean and we'll go over how to actually set up your environment the way you
want it but that's it for the installation of our in our studio.
Again feel free to post any questions to the Q8 forums if any of this was troublesome for you.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.